Some started from scratch here and that will create my person object here again let's say and this person
object I'll have a name Max and I will also have a dynamic property here where I use the both in well-known
iterator symbol.
Again just repeating this because it's important.
Rick turning you're giving me a unique ID which Chavez could recognize as oh ok.
This object has an iterator it's now iterable.
And here again or of course I will set my function like before when we overrode people in array behavior
.
Of course this is not an equal sign but a colon is function as you learn to show it return me an object
and the object I return to here should have the next function the next function Den's should return
me an object.
You will get used to that pattern and it's not that difficult actually.
What should have done that say falls and what should have a value of let's say 10.
You're just some dummy values.
Now let's say when went into a loop from my previous year.
I actually want you to output all the hobbies I might have.
So let's say I have my hobbies in it's own property here of course.
And that's sports.
And let's just say cooking to keep to short though we have those two hobbies and that is you.
I'll have my let's say my iterator or my my helper variable which is I which is 0 at the beginning.
Then I create my value here which is equal to poppys by then a increment of course.
And then you which in turn is de-value up.
So my current hobby done should be done if I is greater equal than hobby's startling otherwise.
Or in this case it will be true otherwise it will be false and it's not done.
And of course hobby's here is also a variable.
I have to define your Endace should be discard hobby's so of my object and I have to do it here because
for you use this the hobby and here then I would actually refer to this object here which is not what
I want.
So now I can simply create a four of loops so for let's say hobby of person and then I can print this
out to the console.
So console the law Bobby.
Well since I'm incrementing I first year it just recognized I should make this chest rate right then
.
And with that I think it should be fine.
So if I know to run what they think we'll see.
Sports and cooking and that really shows the power of iterators.
I just made my personal check here into Red Bull and it's up to you of course to define a word iterating
looping through your optic should mean in your app or in your project you might have a case where you
want to loop through a field like I'm doing here with hobbies.
In other cases you might just increment a number whatever you want to do.
Just be sure to also implement a logic to set done to false.
Otherwise you won't create create an infinite for loop that's poor to remember or to understand